We used the data set of both Temperature and Humidity. Both temperature and
Humidity are numerical values or quantitative data, therefore the data 
visualisation that was chosen to represent each of these data values was
a Box plot and a Bar Chart.

The box plot would indicate the median and 
the 25th and 75th quartiles of where a majority of the data are between.
It will also effectively indicate outliers which indicate there may
be a problem. 

The Bar Chart was used to indicate the frequency of the Humidity values.
We can see that a majority of values are represented in a stable
value of around 26 but would sometimes be a very low or very high
value which is represented as an outlier. 

The data visualisation libraries we used from Python were
Matplotlib and Seaborn. The reason in picking matplotlib was because
it is very versatile in reading the data from a csv. If there was
no values, it would indicate them as nan and move on. In  this project,
this wasn't a concern but in other areas, it is a very handy perk 
of using matplotlib. Displaying graphs with matplotlib is also very
powerful in what you can represent. Seaborn was the second data visualisation
tool that we picked. Seaborn on the other hand has good visualisation tools
that comes with it. Seaborn can be thought of as an extension to Matplotlib
which is what makes it powerful in data visulisation with the library.
It makes creating and depicting graphs easier than matplotlib without
as many restrictions such as the data values used for plotting graphs.
Seaborn adds a generous coverage over matplotlib in this regard. 

Some errors occured while generating the graphs however. We 
encountered trouble on having a new instance of a graph. 
What I mean by this is that we would create the first graph as 
the temperature box plot graph. When we then proceeded to make 
the seaborn graph afterwards, it would still have the remnant
of the box plot graph   in the new graph and the visualisation
error is there. After much researching, we haven't found a way 
to remove that error.

